doc/source/decorations.rst, before:

Adding Decorations
==================

To add purely visual elements to a scenario, such as fire hydrants, non-networked cars, doors, etc. use
a ``Decoration``.


.. _decoration:

Decoration
----------

A decoration is a model with no corresponding *ns-3* item outside of the module.
A ``Decoration`` is configured in much the same was a :ref:`node-configuration` is.
Except the location of a ``Decoration`` is set directly without a mobility model.

A ``Decoration`` may have its position and orientation changed during
the simulation.

A basic setup for a ``Decoration`` is as follows:

.. code-block:: C++

  auto decoration = CreateObject<netsimulyzer::Decoration>(/* the orchestrator */);

  decoration->SetAttribute ("Model", StringValue ("path/model.obj"));
  decoration->SetAttribute ("Height", OptionalValue<double> (2.0));

  // May also use SetAttribute("Position")
  decoration->SetPosition ({5.0, 5.0, 0.0});


Attributes
^^^^^^^^^^

+----------------------+-----------------------------------+-----------------+--------------------------------------------------------------+
| Name                 | Type                              | Default Value   | Description                                                  |
+======================+===================================+=================+==============================================================+
| Model                | string                            | n/a             | Relative path from the application's ``Resource``            |
|                      |                                   |                 | directory to the model to show for this ``Decoration``       |
+----------------------+-----------------------------------+-----------------+--------------------------------------------------------------+
| Orientation          | Vector3D                          | (0, 0, 0)       | Orientation of this ``Decoration`` on each axis, in degrees. |
+----------------------+-----------------------------------+-----------------+--------------------------------------------------------------+
| Scale                | double                            | 1.00            | A multiplicative scale to apply to the model.                |
|                      |                                   |                 | Applied after ``Height``                                     |
+----------------------+-----------------------------------+-----------------+--------------------------------------------------------------+
| ScaleAxes            | Vector3D                          | (1.0, 1.0, 1.0) | Similar to ``Scale``, but for each axis. In the order        |
|                      |                                   |                 | ``[x, y, z]``.  Applied after ``Height``                     |
|                      |                                   |                 | (e.g. A value of [1.25, 1, 1] will scale the model up        |
|                      |                                   |                 | by 25% on the X axis, and keep the other axes                |
|                      |                                   |                 | the same size) Also see the                                  |
|                      |                                   |                 | ``SetScale(Vector3D)``/``SetScaleAxes(Vector3D)``/           |
|                      |                                   |                 | ``GetScaleAxes()`` methods                                   |
+----------------------+-----------------------------------+-----------------+--------------------------------------------------------------+
| Height               | :ref:`optional-value` <double>    | n/a             | Calculates a scale, maintaining the aspect ratio, such       |
|                      |                                   |                 | that the height of the model matches this value.             |
|                      |                                   |                 | Applied before ``Scale``                                     |
+----------------------+-----------------------------------+-----------------+--------------------------------------------------------------+
| Position             | Vector3D                          | (0, 0, 0)       | Position to show this ``Decoration`` in the scenario.        |
+----------------------+-----------------------------------+-----------------+--------------------------------------------------------------+

Commit message:

Add `Width`, `Depth`, `KeepRatio` attributes
See: https://github.com/usnistgov/NetSimulyzer-ns3-module/issues/28

doc/source/decorations.rst, after:

Adding Decorations
==================

To add purely visual elements to a scenario, such as fire hydrants, non-networked cars, doors, etc. use
a ``Decoration``.


.. _decoration:

Decoration
----------

A decoration is a model with no corresponding *ns-3* item outside of the module.
A ``Decoration`` is configured in much the same was a :ref:`node-configuration` is.
Except the location of a ``Decoration`` is set directly without a mobility model.

A ``Decoration`` may have its position and orientation changed during
the simulation.

A basic setup for a ``Decoration`` is as follows:

.. code-block:: C++

  auto decoration = CreateObject<netsimulyzer::Decoration>(/* the orchestrator */);

  decoration->SetAttribute ("Model", StringValue ("path/model.obj"));
  decoration->SetAttribute ("Height", OptionalValue<double> (2.0));

  // May also use SetAttribute("Position")
  decoration->SetPosition ({5.0, 5.0, 0.0});


Attributes
^^^^^^^^^^

+----------------------+-----------------------------------+-----------------+--------------------------------------------------------------+
| Name                 | Type                              | Default Value   | Description                                                  |
+======================+===================================+=================+==============================================================+
| Model                | string                            | n/a             | Relative path from the application's ``Resource``            |
|                      |                                   |                 | directory to the model to show for this ``Decoration``       |
+----------------------+-----------------------------------+-----------------+--------------------------------------------------------------+
| Orientation          | Vector3D                          | (0, 0, 0)       | Orientation of this ``Decoration`` on each axis, in degrees. |
+----------------------+-----------------------------------+-----------------+--------------------------------------------------------------+
| Scale                | double                            | 1.00            | A multiplicative scale to apply to the model.                |
|                      |                                   |                 | Applied after ``Height``, ``Width``, & ``Depth``             |
+----------------------+-----------------------------------+-----------------+--------------------------------------------------------------+
| ScaleAxes            | Vector3D                          | (1.0, 1.0, 1.0) | Similar to ``Scale``, but for each axis. In the order        |
|                      |                                   |                 | ``[x, y, z]``.  Applied after ``Height``                     |
|                      |                                   |                 | (e.g. A value of [1.25, 1, 1] will scale the model up        |
|                      |                                   |                 | by 25% on the X axis, and keep the other axes                |
|                      |                                   |                 | the same size) Also see the                                  |
|                      |                                   |                 | ``SetScale(Vector3D)``/``SetScaleAxes(Vector3D)``/           |
|                      |                                   |                 | ``GetScaleAxes()`` methods                                   |
+----------------------+-----------------------------------+-----------------+--------------------------------------------------------------+
| KeepRatio            | bool                              | ``true``        | When scaling with the ``Height``, ``Width``,                 |
|                      |                                   |                 | and ``Depth`` attributes, use only the value that            |
|                      |                                   |                 | produces the largest model. Keeping the scale uniform.       |
+----------------------+-----------------------------------+-----------------+--------------------------------------------------------------+
| Height               | :ref:`optional-value` <double>    | n/a             | Calculates a scale, such that the height of the model        |
|                      |                     |             |                 | matches this value in ns-3 units. Maintains the aspect       |
|                      |                                   |                 | ratio if  ``KeepRatio`` is ``true`` (The default)            |
|                      |                                   |                 | Applied before ``Scale``                                     |
+----------------------+-----------------------------------+-----------------+--------------------------------------------------------------+
| Width                | :ref:`optional-value` <double>    | n/a             | Calculates a scale, such that the width of the model         |
|                      |                                   |                 | matches this value in ns-3 units. Maintains the aspect       |
|                      |                                   |                 | ratio if  ``KeepRatio`` is ``true`` (The default)            |
|                      |                                   |                 | Applied before ``Scale``                                     |
+----------------------+-----------------------------------+-----------------+--------------------------------------------------------------+
| Depth                | :ref:`optional-value` <double>    | n/a             | Calculates a scale, such that the depth of the model         |
|                      |                                   |                 | matches this value in ns-3 units. Maintains the aspect       |
|                      |                                   |                 | ratio if  ``KeepRatio`` is ``true`` (The default)            |
|                      |                                   |                 | Applied before ``Scale``                                     |
+----------------------+-----------------------------------+-----------------+--------------------------------------------------------------+
| Position             | Vector3D                          | (0, 0, 0)       | Position to show this ``Decoration`` in the scenario.        |
+----------------------+-----------------------------------+-----------------+--------------------------------------------------------------+
