doc/source/index.rst, before:

ns-3 Visualizer3d Module Documentation
======================================

This is the documentation for the ns-3 companion module to the
`Visualizer 3D <https://github.com/usnistgov/ns3-visualizer3d>`_ application.

The application is an offline playback tool to display scenarios in 3D much like
`NetAnim <https://www.nsnam.org/wiki/NetAnim>`_. Not only may topology features,
such as Nodes and Buildings, be displayed, but additional items to further
understanding of the scenario, such as marked areas, a logging system
and charting are included as well.

The application replays a *ns-3* scenario after it has been run using a
JSON file which is generated by this module, and then loaded into the application.

.. toctree::
  :maxdepth: 2
  :caption: Contents:

  quickstart
  architecture
  linking-module
  nodes
  buildings
  decorations
  areas
  logging-messages
  orchestrator
  colors
  series
  numeric-data
  numeric-data-categories
  numeric-axis
  categorical-axis
  series-collections
  areas
  sinks

Commit message:

Add application screenshot
See: https://gitlab.nist.gov/gitlab/wnd-publicsafety/visualizer/visualizer3d/-/issues/2

doc/source/index.rst, after:

ns-3 Visualizer3d Module Documentation
======================================

This is the documentation for the ns-3 companion module to the
`Visualizer 3D <https://github.com/usnistgov/ns3-visualizer3d>`_ application.

The application is an offline playback tool to display scenarios in 3D much like
`NetAnim <https://www.nsnam.org/wiki/NetAnim>`_. Not only may topology features,
such as Nodes and Buildings, be displayed, but additional items to further
understanding of the scenario, such as marked areas, a logging system
and charting are included as well.

The application replays a *ns-3* scenario after it has been run using a
JSON file which is generated by this module, and then loaded into the application.

Below is a screenshot of a simple scenario loaded into the application.

.. image:: _static/application-windows.png
  :alt: Screenshot of the application

.. toctree::
  :maxdepth: 2
  :caption: Contents:

  quickstart
  architecture
  linking-module
  nodes
  buildings
  decorations
  areas
  logging-messages
  orchestrator
  colors
  series
  numeric-data
  numeric-data-categories
  numeric-axis
  categorical-axis
  series-collections
  areas
  sinks
